stitched thing all here I'm trying to
talk about TN a nice this there's this
camera on I'm just a TM a fan not real
intelligent enough that oh it's all know
it so my name is Dobie Dobie hater 69
and I Lord today there lastly that what
I've got not tener Riesling and tomorrow
not they go big Bound for Glory woo woo
Bound for Glory full of original tear
near Iceland life for 510 air rises the
bunch of random Japanese guys sing and
now I'm going to support today
99% of TNA's fans don't bother paying
for you to understand that body going
out of business that why they have to
try the three big reviews is something
like that but I'm going to support the
company I will go buy my brain
medication my crazy pill but I said fuck
that that way I could afford my TNA
Bound for Glory tomorrow night
show some support y'all show support for
telling now why my big fan of terror
Iceland because dirty w shucks that one
so vwe got Muppets Inc they got a bunny
rabbit so that meant in a - shit they
are better last like that
alright let me tell you why Kenny got
better a sling for minute matches would
eat encountered the turd not that better
than ever they don't seem to be doubly
for minute board match it with James
Storm that balance several and better
than Dean Ambrose everything
understand man I thought hey dubby dubby
but I look to watch rehashed matches
that WWE was doing 15 years ago then TLC
matches I like to watch them today with
the wolves
the Dudley's and the lot of boy could a
shit original take out Edge and
Christian replace them with a couple of
Java's like the wolves that nobody care
about you do a whole bunch of obvious
faith orchestrated spots you have a
boring finish that luck
and that's rascal enough there a sand
bar and knockout matches you understand
you got little four-foot-tall x-division
miss little midgets now doing a bunch of
random moves shit finishes with a rollup
there wrastlin know psychology and
imagine who needs psychology us TNA fans
me got no intelligence say would you
won't see you know Rasim treatment
imagine a good rasslin spot spot spot
roll up to minute matches over now daddy
called rasslin okay now what do I like
to do in my spare time I like to spend
16 hours a day
promoting TNA on the Internet I love
going to 12 year old boy's channel
threatened to beat them up yes haha yeah
oh damn WWE fans man there's like dude
up you gotta beat him up I'm gonna go on
the channel i'ma dislike their feel and
I might act like a big tough guy see now
husky any fans we taking over don't
matter if nobody watching the goddamn
no matter that they're losing their TV
they'll cuz they suck so much we keep
growing and growing even though the
Raiders keep going down with growing it
bro
Tara that's where it's at ten is where
the action is said you understand we got
shit pre-taped you know 15 months in
advance you know the results of
everything that go happen it's all
boring shit but it's the best it's the
best now dougie dougie that shit get
that shit again I rather have manly
wrestlers like the bromance
dala dala done to counter a Cinderella
so if I go to your house and you wash
endure dummy I'm gonna beat you up
because I'm a retarded hit wannabe
gangster aka TNA wrestling fan and we
all retarded hip wannabe gangsters
hidden the TNA fan community yeah fuck
WW we thought fuck your man fuck off of
me I like to wash my toilet many times
man
oh shit Samoa Joe can choke me from
behind and fuck me up the ass guitar
lieutenant Oh Tara Tara the best oh and
don't you forget it man or about the
glory but five people go order a couple
Japanese shit gonna be off the chain
though shit gonna be off the chain I'm a
10-8 the best man I love sucks though
but I got tear I'm sudden gangster I'm a
retard written it don't I'm on
medication but I got my teeth till next
time top ten if a lot boycott dub dub
your wait man yeah man peace